Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here." -- Muad'dib, "Dune"
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." - Albert Einstein (paraphrased)
"Eat a live frog first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day." —Mark Twain
"If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever." ― Dalai Lama XIV
"Per aspera ad astra / through hardships to the stars!"
"I keep six honest serving-men / (They taught me all I knew); / Their names are What and Why and When / And How and Where and Who." -- Rudyard Kipling, The Elephant's Child
"The palest ink is better than the best memory." Remember to write it down in a system you trust!
"There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest — whether or not the world has three dimensions, whether the mind has nine or twelve categories — comes afterwards." -- Albert Camus
Anxiety, n.: The first time you can't do it a second time. ||| Panic, n.: The second time you can't do it the first time.
"It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory." -W. Edwards Deming
"The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything." - Warren Buffett
Doing it well now is much better than doing it perfectly later.
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain." -Litany Against Fear, Dune
"The code is more what you'd call guidelines than actual rules. Welcome aboard the Black Pearl, Miss Turner!" --Captain Hector Barbossa
"Because coffee is the calm moment that lets you think. Coffee gives you the time to dream it, then you’re ready to do it. No other drink does that like coffee!" --National Coffee Association
☕ Coffee gives you the time to dream it, then you’re ready to do it! ☕
"The future ain't what it used to be." --Yogi Berra
When faced with a problem, some people say "Let's use Kubernetes!". Now they have two problems. --with apologies to Jamie Zawinski and D. Tilbrook.
"I heard about it Saturday night. Next day I'm at the supermarket and it hits me... like, I could totally afford all this cheese!" -- Tom Tehee (Super Lotto - it could happen to anybody!)
"Literacy is overrated (in my book)." --Attribution withheld
"A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance." -― Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967
"Many hands make light work." - Sir Bevis of Hampton
"... for evil men to accomplish their purpose it is only necessary that good men should do nothing." - Charles F. Aked et al.
"Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file." -- Louis Srygley
"There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want." --Bill Watterson
"In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is." --Yogi Berra
"Theory is when you know everything but nothing works. Practice is when everything works but no one knows why. In our lab, theory and practice are combined: nothing works and no one knows why." --Unknown
"Why is there something rather than nothing?" --Leibniz
"Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity; and that mountain parks and reservations are useful not only as fountains of timber and irrigating rivers, but as fountains of life." --John Muir